>>> IF YOU WATCH "THE BEAT," YOU
>>> IF YOU WATCH "THE BEAT," YOU KNOW THAT SOMETIMES WE TRY TO BE
KNOW THAT SOMETIMES WE TRY TO BE FUNNY ON THIS SHOW, WHICH RARELY
FUNNY ON THIS SHOW, WHICH RARELY WORKS OUT.
WORKS OUT. BUT TONIGHT WE’RE GOING TO GET
BUT TONIGHT WE’RE GOING TO GET SOME HELP FROM LARRY CHARLES,
SOME HELP FROM LARRY CHARLES, THE WRITER FOR THE HIT TV SITCOM
THE WRITER FOR THE HIT TV SITCOM "SEINFELD," WHERE HE EARNED AN
"SEINFELD," WHERE HE EARNED AN EMMY.
EMMY. HE ALSO WENT ON THE DIRECT LARRY
HE ALSO WENT ON THE DIRECT LARRY DAVID’S HBO SERIES "CURB YOUR
DAVID’S HBO SERIES "CURB YOUR ENTHUSIASM," PLUS THE FAMOUS
ENTHUSIASM," PLUS THE FAMOUS DOCUMENTARY "BORAT" PLUS NOW HE
DOCUMENTARY "BORAT" PLUS NOW HE HAS "LARRY CHARLES, DANGEROUS
HAS "LARRY CHARLES, DANGEROUS WORLD OF COMEDY" WHERE HE
WORLD OF COMEDY" WHERE HE EMBARKS ON A MISSION AROUND THE
EMBARKS ON A MISSION AROUND THE WORLD TO LOOK AT WHAT MAKES US
WORLD TO LOOK AT WHAT MAKES US LAUGH.
LAUGH. >> THE WORLD OF COMEDY IS NOT
>> THE WORLD OF COMEDY IS NOT JUST ABOUT COMEDIANS, IT’S ALSO
JUST ABOUT COMEDIANS, IT’S ALSO ABOUT THE PEOPLE THAT MAKE IT A
ABOUT THE PEOPLE THAT MAKE IT A DANGEROUS WORLD, MURDERERS,
DANGEROUS WORLD, MURDERERS, TERRORIST, EXTREMISTS AND WHAT
TERRORIST, EXTREMISTS AND WHAT THEY LAUGH AT.
THEY LAUGH AT. WE WILL EXPLORE COMEDY IN PLACES
WE WILL EXPLORE COMEDY IN PLACES WHERE NOTHING THE FUNNY, IN
WHERE NOTHING THE FUNNY, IN PLACES WHERE IT DOESN’T BELONG.
PLACES WHERE IT DOESN’T BELONG. BY KNOWING A COUNTRY’S COMEDY,
BY KNOWING A COUNTRY’S COMEDY, YOU WILL KNOW ITS PAST, PRESENT,
YOU WILL KNOW ITS PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE.
AND FUTURE. >> THANKS FOR BEING HERE, LARRY.
>> THANKS FOR BEING HERE, LARRY. >> MY PLEASURE.
>> MY PLEASURE. THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME.
THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME. >> FOR HAVING ME.
>> FOR HAVING ME. >> COMEDY AS A WINDOW INTO THE
>> COMEDY AS A WINDOW INTO THE SOUL.
SOUL. >> YES.
>> YES. >> THAT’S SOMETHING YOU BELIEVE
>> THAT’S SOMETHING YOU BELIEVE THE OR JUST YOUR PITCH TO
THE OR JUST YOUR PITCH TO NETFLIX?
NETFLIX? >> KIND OF SOMETHING I LEARNED.
>> KIND OF SOMETHING I LEARNED. I CAME IN THINKING I WOULD MEET
I CAME IN THINKING I WOULD MEET PEOPLE DOING WHAT THE DAILY SHOW
PEOPLE DOING WHAT THE DAILY SHOW DOES HERE.
DOES HERE. SATIRIZEING CORRUPT GOVERNMENTS
SATIRIZEING CORRUPT GOVERNMENTS AND TRYING TO SURVIVE.
AND TRYING TO SURVIVE. THAT DOES EXIST IN GREAT NURMS
THAT DOES EXIST IN GREAT NURMS AROUND
AROUND -- NUMBERS AROUND THE WORLD.
-- NUMBERS AROUND THE WORLD. COMEDY ALSO HEALS.
COMEDY ALSO HEALS. PEOPLE DYING AND BEING WOUNDED
PEOPLE DYING AND BEING WOUNDED AND INJURED.
AND INJURED. FAMILIES BEING DESTROYED AND
FAMILIES BEING DESTROYED AND LAUGHTER BEING USED AS A TOOL
LAUGHTER BEING USED AS A TOOL FOR HEALING.
FOR HEALING. >> BECAUSE SEINFELD WAS SO
>> BECAUSE SEINFELD WAS SO BELOVED.
BELOVED. IT WAS ONE OF THE LAST SHOWS
IT WAS ONE OF THE LAST SHOWS THAT HAD REALLY THE WHOLE
THAT HAD REALLY THE WHOLE COUNTRY TUNING IN.
COUNTRY TUNING IN. ITS JOKES WERE SEEN AS ABOUT
ITS JOKES WERE SEEN AS ABOUT EVERY ONE SAID NOTHING.
EVERY ONE SAID NOTHING. IT WAS MORE THAN THAT BUT ABOUT
IT WAS MORE THAN THAT BUT ABOUT STUFF WE CAN ALL RELATE TO
STUFF WE CAN ALL RELATE TO INCLUDING THE LITTLE STUFF.
INCLUDING THE LITTLE STUFF. WHAT IS THE DEAL WITH AIRPLANE
WHAT IS THE DEAL WITH AIRPLANE FOOD?
FOOD? >> I’M NOTHING IF NOT HOPELESSLY
>> I’M NOTHING IF NOT HOPELESSLY DERIVATIVE.
DERIVATIVE. YOU WORK WITH LARRY DAVID.
YOU WORK WITH LARRY DAVID. >> YES.
>> YES. >> WE ARE ALL IN POLITICS
>> WE ARE ALL IN POLITICS GETTING READY TO SEE MORE LARRY
GETTING READY TO SEE MORE LARRY DAVID BECAUSE BERNIE SANDERS IS
DAVID BECAUSE BERNIE SANDERS IS BACK.
BACK. LET’S TAKE A LOOK AT THIS ICONIC
LET’S TAKE A LOOK AT THIS ICONIC IMPRESSION.
IMPRESSION. >> PEOPLE LOVE ME.
>> PEOPLE LOVE ME. I HAVE MORE INDIVIDUAL DONATIONS
I HAVE MORE INDIVIDUAL DONATIONS THAT ANY CANDIDATE IN HISTORY
THAT ANY CANDIDATE IN HISTORY AND I DON’T TAKE FROM
AND I DON’T TAKE FROM MILLIONAIRES AND BILLIONAIRES.
MILLIONAIRES AND BILLIONAIRES. >> WE KNOW.
>> WE KNOW. YOU SAY IT EVERY TIME YOU’RE ON
YOU SAY IT EVERY TIME YOU’RE ON TV.
TV. EVERYBODY KNOWS.
EVERYBODY KNOWS. >> DOES THAT COUNT AS AN
>> DOES THAT COUNT AS AN IMPRESSION OR IS THAT JUST LARRY
IMPRESSION OR IS THAT JUST LARRY DAVID?
DAVID? >> I THINK LARRY DAVID IS SO
>> I THINK LARRY DAVID IS SO UNIQUELY QUALIFIED FOR THAT
UNIQUELY QUALIFIED FOR THAT IMPRESSION IT’S NOT MUCH OF A
IMPRESSION IT’S NOT MUCH OF A LEAP.
LEAP. BERNIE IS FROM THE SAME
BERNIE IS FROM THE SAME NEIGHBORHOOD AS WE ARE.
NEIGHBORHOOD AS WE ARE. WE GREW UP WITH GUYS LIKE BERNIE
WE GREW UP WITH GUYS LIKE BERNIE SANDERS ALL OVER THE PLACE.
SANDERS ALL OVER THE PLACE. >> DID YOU EVER THINK ONE OF
>> DID YOU EVER THINK ONE OF THEM WOULD GET THIS FAR IN
THEM WOULD GET THIS FAR IN POLITICS?
POLITICS? >> I GREW UP IN TRUMP VILLAGE.
>> I GREW UP IN TRUMP VILLAGE. AS MUCH AS IM’M STILL GETTING
AS MUCH AS IM’M STILL GETTING OVER BERNIE SANDERS, TRUMP BEING
OVER BERNIE SANDERS, TRUMP BEING PRESIDENT IS SOMETHING I’LL
PRESIDENT IS SOMETHING I’LL NEVER GET USED TO.
NEVER GET USED TO. >> TRUMP VILLAGE WAS BUILT BY H
>> TRUMP VILLAGE WAS BUILT BY H I
I HIS FATHER.
HIS FATHER. HE WAS LIKE A 14-YEAR-OLD KILL
HE WAS LIKE A 14-YEAR-OLD KILL STILL IN A SUIT WANDER AROUND
STILL IN A SUIT WANDER AROUND WITH THE HAIR.
WITH THE HAIR. HE WANTS TO BE A COMEDIAN.
HE WANTS TO BE A COMEDIAN. HE THINKS HE’S FUNNY AND HOW HE
HE THINKS HE’S FUNNY AND HOW HE HAS A CAPTIVE AUDIENCE WHICH IS
HAS A CAPTIVE AUDIENCE WHICH IS DANGEROUS.
DANGEROUS. >> BEFORE I LET YOU GO, I WANT
>> BEFORE I LET YOU GO, I WANT TO PLAY SOME OF YOUR WORK TO DO
TO PLAY SOME OF YOUR WORK TO DO SOMETHING THAT NO ONE IS ASKING
SOMETHING THAT NO ONE IS ASKING FOR WHICH WAS TRY TO MAKE
FOR WHICH WAS TRY TO MAKE HOLOCAUST SURVIVAL MUHUMORIST.
HOLOCAUST SURVIVAL MUHUMORIST. PEOPLE HAVE STRONG OPINIONS ONE
PEOPLE HAVE STRONG OPINIONS ONE WAY OR THE OTHER AND YOU ARE
WAY OR THE OTHER AND YOU ARE JEWISH.
JEWISH. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. >> LET’S TAKE A LOOK AT THIS
>> LET’S TAKE A LOOK AT THIS CLIP.
CLIP. >> HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THE SHOW?
>> HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THE SHOW? >> DID YOU EVER SEE OUR SHOW?
>> DID YOU EVER SEE OUR SHOW? IT WAS CALLED THE HOLOCAUST.
IT WAS CALLED THE HOLOCAUST. ALL I KNOW IS I WAS DLOESCLOSE T
ALL I KNOW IS I WAS DLOESCLOSE T THAT MILLION DOLLARS.
THAT MILLION DOLLARS. EVERY ONE WAS TRYING TO KICK ME
EVERY ONE WAS TRYING TO KICK ME OFF THE SHOW.
OFF THE SHOW. >> I’M A SURVIVOR.
>> I’M A SURVIVOR. >> I’M A SURVIVOR.
>> I’M A SURVIVOR. >> FUNNY.
>> FUNNY. >> FUNNY?
>> FUNNY? IF IT BENDS IT’S FUNNY.
IF IT BENDS IT’S FUNNY. >> IT’S NOT REALLY EXPLOITING
>> IT’S NOT REALLY EXPLOITING THE HOLOCAUST.
THE HOLOCAUST. >> WHO IS THE TARGET OF THE
>> WHO IS THE TARGET OF THE JOKE?
JOKE? >> THE TARGET IS THE GUY ON
>> THE TARGET IS THE GUY ON SURVIVOR.
SURVIVOR. THE IDEA THAT HE WOULD HAVE NO
THE IDEA THAT HE WOULD HAVE NO SENSE OF WHAT THE HOLOCAUST AND
SENSE OF WHAT THE HOLOCAUST AND HAVE A COMPETITIVE CONVERSATION
HAVE A COMPETITIVE CONVERSATION WITH THE SUR VIERVIVOR SHOWS HOW
WITH THE SUR VIERVIVOR SHOWS HOW OBLIVIOUS SHE.
OBLIVIOUS SHE. IT’S COMPLETELY FUNNY AND
IT’S COMPLETELY FUNNY AND RELATABLE.
RELATABLE. >> ISN’T THERE THE OLD SAYING,
>> ISN’T THERE THE OLD SAYING, IN YOU’RE IGNORANT OF HISTORY,
IN YOU’RE IGNORANT OF HISTORY, YOU’RE DESTINED TO BE MADE FUN
YOU’RE DESTINED TO BE MADE FUN OF ON A PREMIUM CABLE SHOW?
OF ON A PREMIUM CABLE SHOW? >> THAT’S HOW IT WORKS.
>> THAT’S HOW IT WORKS. >> I’M ASKING THE QUESTIONS
>> I’M ASKING THE QUESTIONS HERE.
HERE. IS A TIERP
IS A TIERP SATIRE VIOLENCE.
SATIRE VIOLENCE. WHAT’S MORE BITING THAN SATIRE?
WHAT’S MORE BITING THAN SATIRE? >> YOU’RE A BIT LIKE ANDY PLKMcC
>> YOU’RE A BIT LIKE ANDY PLKMcC HE DIDN’T WANT TO ANSWER, HE
HE DIDN’T WANT TO ANSWER, HE WOULD REPEAT THE QUESTION BACK
WOULD REPEAT THE QUESTION BACK OR SAY WHAT ARE YOU REALLY
OR SAY WHAT ARE YOU REALLY ASKING.
ASKING. >> I’M WAITING FOR MUELLER
>> I’M WAITING FOR MUELLER REPORT ALSO.
REPORT ALSO. >> LARRY CHARLES, I THINK YOU
>> LARRY CHARLES, I THINK YOU HAVE THAT IN COMMON WITH MANY
HAVE THAT IN COMMON WITH MANY PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. WHEN YOU LOOK A T COMEDYT COMEDY
WHEN YOU LOOK A T COMEDYT COMEDY HELPFUL PART TO GET THROUGH OF
HELPFUL PART TO GET THROUGH OF WHAT YOU CALL A ROUGH PERIOD OR
WHAT YOU CALL A ROUGH PERIOD OR JUST A DIVERSION?
JUST A DIVERSION? >> COMMITTEE
>> COMMITTEE COMEDY IS LIKE BREATHING AND
COMEDY IS LIKE BREATHING AND EATING.
EATING. LAUGHTER IS A CRUCIAL PART OF
LAUGHTER IS A CRUCIAL PART OF SURVIVAL